README.md, before:

# Enerex-Integration-Test

The goal for this exercise is to consume the backend api by developing a react app using the provided template

# Implementation

1. Create a login form and authenticate using one of the testing users available in the in memory collection: <br>
   Name = "TestUser1", Email = "testUser1@gmail.com", Password = "123456" <br>
   Name = "TestUser2", Email = "testUser2@gmail.com", Password = "800008" <br>
   Name = "TestUser3", Email = "testUser3@gmail.com", Password = "200002" <br>

2. Once token is obtained this should be used for the communication with each one of the CRUD endpoints in the api allowing: <br>
   2.1 Display students information. <br>
   2.2 Information displayed should allow filtering and sorting by at least 2 fields. <br>
   2.3 Students grid should allow deletion and update actions for each student. <br>
   2.4 User should be able to insert new students. <br>

# Additional Information

** API communication can be tested again the version inside the compile solution, c# code can be consulted to review the swagger. <br>
** Postman collection is also included to review endpoints. You will need to update the base url to the one configured on your local machine. <br>

# Once completed

After completion please contact your recruiter and share a link to the github or docker with the solution.

Commit message:

Update README with react template file description.md

README.md, after:

# Enerex-Integration-Test

The goal for this exercise is to consume the backend api by developing a react app using the provided template on the file `enerex-integration-test-react-template.zip`

# Implementation

1. Create a login form and authenticate using one of the testing users available in the in memory collection: <br>
   Name = "TestUser1", Email = "testUser1@gmail.com", Password = "123456" <br>
   Name = "TestUser2", Email = "testUser2@gmail.com", Password = "800008" <br>
   Name = "TestUser3", Email = "testUser3@gmail.com", Password = "200002" <br>

2. Once token is obtained this should be used for the communication with each one of the CRUD endpoints in the api allowing: <br>
   2.1 Display students information. <br>
   2.2 Information displayed should allow filtering and sorting by at least 2 fields. <br>
   2.3 Students grid should allow deletion and update actions for each student. <br>
   2.4 User should be able to insert new students. <br>

# Additional Information

** API communication can be tested again the version inside the compile solution, c# code can be consulted to review the swagger. <br>
** Postman collection is also included to review endpoints. You will need to update the base url to the one configured on your local machine. <br>

# Once completed

After completion please contact your recruiter and share a link to the github or docker with the solution.
